Added more detail to "Why this way?" (#5171)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company.md

- Other companies use a 4-week release cycle, but at Fleet, we like to move a little faster to get more done.
- Everyone knows when the new release is, so they also know when their work is due.

### Why use agile?
- See [the agile manifesto](https://agilemanifesto.org/).
- Releasing software iteratively results in it actually working, gets it into the hands of users faster, and makes contributors fitter, happier, and more productive.

### Why the emphasis on training?
Investing in people and providing generous, prioritized training, especially up front, helps contributors understand what is going on at Fleet. This is a prerequisite for helping people make better decisions at work and to feel confident while doing so. Keep in mind those who may feel like outsiders to the osquery (security/startup/IT) space.
- Creating a culture of helping others results in people feeling more comfortable and confident even if they aren’t familiar with osquery.
- A sharp focus on training means things are written down.

### Why not continuously generate REST API reference docs from javadoc-style code comments?
- Using Markdown allows anyone to edit Fleet's docs.

> - Generated docs become just as out of date as handmade docs, except since they are generated, they can become more difficult to edit and therefore gated/siloed.

Reviewer: Sometimes we miss updating the REST API reference docs because they're handmade. Here's an example from this week: https://fleetdm.slack.com/archives/C019WG4GH0A/p1649864136756099?thread_ts=1649863779.331849&cid=C019WG4GH0A

Reviewer 2: Agreed, we need a process here to make sure that happens.  The same thing can happen when they are generated.

- Keeping the source of truth in code files confers less visibility/ accessibility/ modifiability for people without Golang coding experience.
- Code comments are more difficult to locate and edit than a single Markdown file.
- Autogenerating docs from code is not the only way to make sure reference docs accurately reflect the API.
- As the Fleet REST API, documentation, and tools mature, a more declarative format such as OpenAPI might become the source of truth, but only after investing in a format and processes to make it visible, accessible, and modifiable for all contributors.

### Why handbook-first strategy?
Documenting in the handbook allows Fleet to scale up and retain knowledge for consistency.

> - Watch [this video about the handbook-first strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZrK8AQM8Ro).

Reviewer: Add length of videos onto docs

Reviewer 2: Good idea

> - Watch [this video about the handbook-first strategy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZrK8AQM8Ro).

Reviewer 3: consolidated with my suggestion above.

> - For more details, see [GitLab’s handbook-first strategy](https://about.gitlab.com/company/culture/all-remote/handbook-first-documentation/).

Reviewer 3: Removed. I think the video linked above is sufficient.

### Why not continuously generate REST API reference docs from javadoc-style code comments?
We prefer to generate our REST API reference docs the good old-fashioned way. By hand. Here are a few of the drawbacks that we have experienced when generating docs via tools like Swagger or OpenAPI and some plus ones for doing it by hand with Markdown.

- Markdown gives us more control over how the docs are compiled, what annotations we can include, and how we present the information to the end-user. 
- Markdown is more accessible. Anyone can edit Fleet's docs directly from our website without needing coding experience. 
- A single Markdown file reduces surface area sprawl that comes from spreading code comments across multiple files throughout the codebase. (see ["Why do we use one repo?"](why-do-we-use-one-repo)). 
- Generated docs can become just as outdated as handmade docs, except since they are generated, they become siloed and more difficult to edit.
- Autogenerated docs are typically hosted on a subdomain. This means we have less control over a user's journey through our website and lose the SEO benefits of self-hosted documentation.

>  - Autogenerating docs from code is not always the best way to make sure reference docs accurately reflect the API. Based on our experience from past projects, we've learned that the benefits of generated docs do not outweigh the drawbacks of creating them by hand.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Autogenerating docs from code is not always the best way to make sure reference docs accurately reflect the API. Based on our experience from past projects, we've learned that the benefits of generated docs do not outweigh the drawbacks of creating them by hand.
```

### Why handbook-first strategy?
The Fleet handbook provides team members with up-to-date information about how to do things in the company. By adopting the handbook-first strategy, we can encourage a culture of self-service and self-learning, which is essential for daily a-synchronous work as part of an all-remote team.

This strategy was inspired by GitHub, who use it to great effect. Check out this [short three-minute video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZrK8AQM8Ro) about their take on the handbook-first approach.

### Why direct responsibility?
We use the concept of [directly responsible individuals](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/people#directly-responsible-individuals) (DRIs) to know who is responsible for what. Every group maintains its own dedicated [handbook page](https://fleetdm.com/handbook), which is kept up to date with accurate, current information, including the group's [kanban board](https://github.com/orgs/fleetdm/projects?type=beta), Slack channels, and recurring tasks ("rituals").

> #### Why group Slack channels?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Why group Slack channels?
```

### Why the emphasis on training?
Investing in people and providing generous, prioritized training, especially up front, helps contributors understand what is going on at Fleet. By making training a prerequisite at Fleet, we can:
- help team members make better decisions at work and to feel confident while doing so. 
- create a culture of helping others, which results in team members feeling more comfortable even if they aren’t familiar with the osquery, security, startup, or IT space. 

### Why not continuously generate REST API reference docs from javadoc-style code comments?
We prefer to generate our REST API reference docs the good old-fashioned way. By hand. Here are a few of the drawbacks that we have experienced when generating docs via tools like Swagger or OpenAPI and some plus ones for doing it by hand with Markdown.

- Markdown gives us more control over how the docs are compiled, what annotations we can include, and how we present the information to the end-user. 
- Markdown is more accessible. Anyone can edit Fleet's docs directly from our website without needing coding experience. 

> - A single Markdown file reduces surface area sprawl that comes from spreading code comments across multiple files throughout the codebase. (see ["Why do we use one repo?"](why-do-we-use-one-repo). 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- A single Markdown file reduces surface area sprawl that comes from spreading code comments across multiple files throughout the codebase. (see ["Why do we use one repo?"](why-do-we-use-one-repo)). 
```

- Generated docs can become just as outdated as handmade docs, except since they are generated, they become siloed and more difficult to edit.
- Autogenerated docs are typically hosted on a subdomain. This means we have less control over a user's journey through our website and lose the SEO benefits of self-hosted documentation.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> Autogenerating docs from code is not always the best way to make sure reference docs accurately reflect the API. Based on our experience from past projects, we've learned that the benefits of generated docs do not outweigh the drawbacks of creating them by hand.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Autogenerating docs from code is not always the best way to make sure reference docs accurately reflect the API. Based on our experience from past projects, we've learned that the benefits of generated docs do not outweigh the drawbacks of creating them by hand.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

- As the Fleet REST API, documentation, and tools mature, a more declarative format such as OpenAPI might become the source of truth, but only after investing in a format and processes to make it visible, accessible, and modifiable for all contributors.

### Why handbook-first strategy?

> Our handbook provides our all-remote team with up-to-date information about how to do things at Fleet. By adopting the handbook-first strategy, we can encourage a culture of self-service and self-learning, which is essential for daily a-synchronous work as part of an all-remote team.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Fleet handbook provides team members with up-to-date information about how to do things in the company. By adopting the handbook-first strategy, we can encourage a culture of self-service and self-learning, which is essential for daily a-synchronous work as part of an all-remote team.
```

> This strategy was inspired by the GitHub team, who use it to great effect. Check out their [short three-minute video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZrK8AQM8Ro) about their handbook-first approach.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This strategy was inspired by GitHub, who use it to great effect. Check out this [short three-minute video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZrK8AQM8Ro) about their take on the handbook-first approach.
```
